[Autogenerated] Now that our web application is running and free test odor,
what we can do is package it as a war file.
Using Megan.
We already So how to package and application in a
Maybourne module of this course.
So let us do it for this web application.
A.
Let us create a maven Renna configuration by clicking this button here,
selecting a maven build.
Here it is.
Create a new launch configuration.
This configuration will be called the Web app Back agia,
for instance,
the root directory is that were made in web up The Gola is war columna Whoa!
That's it.
Let us rendez gold Oh,
you see on the consoler that the world begin has been invoked automatically
and the maven web app Dash zero that won that war filer has been created in
the Target directory off our eclipse project.
Let us reduce this consoler Check the target Director here,
Open this war,
filer with the system editor which is in this case win raw
and we can see that the content of this war file is indeed
the content of a Web app.
We have our HTML and Js p filer and in the Web off directory I
would class Caesar ____ poma model with the user class I was have
let use the least several class that is go back and in a live
directory the Djebbour e web ap I $7.0 The job and the JST l wanted
to dodge are by the way,
this Java e web ap I should not be here so we are
going to tell Maven to remove it here.
We need to add a the scope provided data We forget that
Let us render this packaging application once again a Web
app package Check this war,
filer once again And now in the lead directory the Java e fight, It is not present anymore.